Feat: Update get started with Konnect and transit gateway documentation (#7151)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/getting-started/index.md

> Figure 1: Diagram of {{site.konnect_short_name}} modules. The {{site.konnect_short_name}} environment, hosted by Kong, consists of the {{site.konnect_short_name}} applications, {{site.konnect_short_name}} platform, and control planes. The {{site.base_gateway}}, {{site.mesh_product_name}}, and {{site.kic_product_name}} data plane nodes that are connected with the {{site.konnect_short_name}} platform are self-managed.

### Dedicated Cloud Gateways

> {{site.konnect_short_name}} features [Dedicated Cloud Gateways](/konnect/dedicated-cloud-gateways/), allowing for performant, scalable, and highly available global API management infrastructure. These gateways provide multi-region support with one-click provisioning and no downtime for upgrades. Offering scalability to handle varying API traffic workloads and support private networking for secure connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{site.konnect_short_name}} features [Dedicated Cloud Gateways](/konnect/dedicated-cloud-gateways/), allowing for performant, scalable, and highly available global API management infrastructure. 
These gateways provide:
* Multi-region support with one-click provisioning
* No downtime for upgrades
* Scalability to handle varying API traffic workloads
* Private networking for secure connections
```
If you turn this into a list, it becomes much easier to read.

> Dedicated Cloud Gateways offers [Autopilot mode](/konnect/dedicated-cloud-gateways/#autopilot-mode), to streamline the management of your API gateway resources by automatically adjusting to traffic and volume. This mode ensures that your infrastructure is prepared to handle traffic as it arrives, scaling resources to maintain consistent performance without manual intervention. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run Dedicated Cloud Gateways in [autopilot mode](/konnect/dedicated-cloud-gateways/#autopilot-mode) to streamline the management of your API gateway resources by automatically adjusting to traffic and volume. 
This mode ensures that your infrastructure is prepared to handle traffic as it arrives, scaling resources to maintain consistent performance without manual intervention. 
```

> Dedicated Cloud Gateways offers [Autopilot mode](/konnect/dedicated-cloud-gateways/#autopilot-mode), to streamlines the management of your API gateway resources by automatically adjusting to traffic and volume. This mode ensures that your infrastructure is prepared to handle traffic as it arrives, scaling resources to maintain consistent performance without manual intervention. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dedicated Cloud Gateways offers [Autopilot mode](/konnect/dedicated-cloud-gateways/#autopilot-mode), to streamline the management of your API gateway resources by automatically adjusting to traffic and volume. This mode ensures that your infrastructure is prepared to handle traffic as it arrives, scaling resources to maintain consistent performance without manual intervention. 
```

> Dedicated Cloud Gateways can [private networking](/konnect/gateway-manager/data-plane-nodes/transit-gateways). Integration with [AWS Transit Gateway](https://aws.amazon.com/transit-gateway/), allows you to connect your networks in a way that supports your organization's security requirements, enabling your {{site.konnect_short_name}} powered API infrastructure to interact with your internal networks and cloud resources securely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dedicated Cloud Gateways also support [private networking](/konnect/gateway-manager/data-plane-nodes/transit-gateways). 
Integration with [AWS Transit Gateway](https://aws.amazon.com/transit-gateway/), allows you to connect your networks in a way that supports your organization's security requirements, enabling your {{site.konnect_short_name}}-powered API infrastructure to interact with your internal networks and cloud resources securely.
```
